See the Qing army
Get up.
The main ivy feast has been arranged
The building will be unknown by then
Let's witness your death for the soldiers of the hundred battles
Okay, I want to be in front of all poisons and the life of the world
Give them this gift.
Oh, by the way, what's the arrangement for Feifei?
You actually got someone to do the inspection for him
After all, he is just an ordinary person.
Participating in this hundred-nation feast must also pay attention
Or when you think about it
You can go to the bottom of the pot and ask
This journey Feifei came from humble beginnings
You have to deepen your friendship with him on this
He can afford it.
He hates random
But I chose him at my lowest point
You can afford it.
But
At that time, because you have a covenant debt, you
I'll take care of this.
You don't have to worry about it
Lord, today is your brother's engagement party
As you ordered
The second floor of the hotel where Qingcheng banquet is held
Make an exception to open a congratulatory gift report for him
Why is he here again?
OK. Go
You're finally back.
I've been waiting for you for a long time, hey, miss, miss
Don't do this
brat
Hey, are those people?
passing by
Hey, how did you know I came back today?
I am a dignified lady of the Tang family
As long as you can still be a boy
You can't be my friend
Then why are you looking for me?
Get married, just find me and get ready.